Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to continue from where we start.
Okay?
Now what we are going to be doing in this lecture is over here.
We are going to have the price of the product and over here we are going to have the decrement icon.
And over here that is in the middle, we are going to have the quantity and over here we are then going
to have the increment icon.
Okay.
Now to do this, we turn the colon right over here.
Now with what I just explained, you can see this widgets are going to be displayed horizontally, that
is from left to right.
So for this purpose, we are going to be using a row, widgets row with that.
And a rule can take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed what's horizontally?
And the first side of the row is going to be a test widget.
And this is going to be called.
Provider.
Card provider and dot get items and we want to assess each item by the index that is 012, three, four,
five.
And this is going to be.
Dots what dot dot price?
And since it is a double, we have to convert this to string and think we need a comma there.
Use control needs to save.
And go check this out.
Okay.
You can see the view and within the column which at.
We can then say cross assist alignment.
Remember the cross axis alignment is going to work opposite for the column.
Right?
So this is going to be cross axis alignment dot, dot, dot stuff.
Okay.
Back to where it was before.
And what we can also do is the column has a property known as main access alignment.
I think you've seen this before.
This is going to be main assess alignment.
And remember, this is going to work opposite for the raw widgets, main assets alignment or what we
can say maybe space able to have equal space.
And let's go check it out.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
And over here we can then tie this.
Style.
Sorry.
Add your comment and style.
This is going to be test style.
What we can do is we can change the color.
If we call a stop sign or any color you are using.
And I think we're missing one.
And how hard you train these trainers to save.
We could also increase the font size, font size to maybe 17.
How you how the train and use control to save and maybe tweets.
Fun tweets.
That would be great.
And go check this out.
Okay.
And what we can also do, we can have an extra zero via.
So to do that we are going to say not to string us fist and we have to pass a minute zero once we can
see three or we're just going to go with two.
Okay.
And check this out.
You should see that.
Okay, cool.
Now.
We want to have the icon button, the the command icon button, the quantity, and then the increment
icon button.
To do that, first of all.
Within the right, we are going to have a container.
Container, and we can give this container a height of maybe 35.
And also, we can give this container a color to be colors that maybe gray.
And we could also give this a shade or maybe 200 and use container and also save.
And in order for us to have access to a lot of properties this container have, we are then going to
have the decoration and this is going to be the box decoration class.
And what we can then do is we can give this maybe a border radius.
This is going to be border radius.
Border radius.
The circular of the B 15.
And now we have to cut out the scholar from here, because when using the boss declaration of class,
it expects the color to be inside that.
So we have to paste it over a.
The chain of command and control inside and outside this we can then have a child and the child is going
to be a role jet because we are going to have the minus icon, which is going to serve as the documents
icon.
We are going to have the test which is going to serve as the quantity and we are going to have the icon
again, which is the plus icon, which is going to serve as the increment icon.
And first of all, we can have an icon button.
And it's going to take in the press.
I think you've seen this before and this is going to be the icon.
I widget and we can use that package we had earlier installed font awesome icons.
This is going to be minus.
Minus Argentina.
How did you come out?
How did you lose control?
Necessary.
Okay.
And you should see it's over here and you can see this container and it has a height of 35, 35, and
it has a color of what colors those gray and some little shade of red.
Okay.
And after this icon button, we can then have a test with that.
For now, it's just going to say one.
Okay.
And what we can just do is we can copy this and.
After this test, we are going to have another icon.
Well, this is going to say a pause.
Not plug.
Okay.
And go check this out.
Some school, right?
Okay.
And finally, what we can then do is we turn the row where we have this prize.
We have the.
Minus.
We have the test.
We have the plus.
What we can then do.
We can say main assess element.
Remember?
Like what?
What I said the main assess alignment is going to work oppositely for the row and for the column.
Right for the row.
The main axis element is going to make it go horizontal.
Right.
So you can see me as this element of space.
What's between?
What for?
The column is going to make it go vertical, right?
Okay.
Seems cool.
You can see it, right?
Okay.
And we can add one more product.
Two cards had another.
How to cut and.
Cut screen.
Okay.
Now, what we also want to do is.
When we click on this, we want to go to the car screen.
Right.
To do that, we have to go to the product detail.
Products of product detail.
Where are you?
Okay.
This is where.
And.
We have.
The.
Both some --.
Okay.
This should be it over.
Hopefully.
Yeah.
Now we can say Navigator.
To the world.
Dot push.
Okay.
And this is going to be my Syria.
Page roots.
Okay, I'll try and be.
And the beta will always take into context.
And we can.
Okay.
We can then return the cards.
I think we call this cards.
Touch screen.
Okay.
This is basically it.
And lastly, in the customer home screen.
Customer on screen.
Okay.
This is the way you can see we still have this center widget which is just saying shop screen.
Right.
We only changed it for the cell screen.
So in the customer home screen, we have to change it to the store screen.
We have created already store screen.
Okay.
And I'll give this a thought.
We start.
Okay.
I think this took.
A lot of energy.
Okay.
All three starting and.
Hopefully we are not going to have any issues for sure.
Okay.
Now let's go try this out.
It has to restart this.
And.
Okay.
Log in.
You can just create an account if you don't have any.
But just make sure you are logging in.
You're going to log in to the right account.
That is the customer account and add me.
The NSC.
Okay.
Great.
And.
And click on shop.
Okay, great.
Or maybe we could just rename this store.
We have that way.
Okay.
This is going to be store.
Maybe we have to.
Okay.
Sorry.
Working as expected.
Sounds cool.
Okay.
And.
Click on this.
Since.
Right.
And this.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.